{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;\red220\green161\blue13;\red0\green0\blue233;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12020\viewh12120\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \ulnone \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		"50 black and 50 white balls and 2 buckets" Riddle. \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/-50-black-and-50-white-balls-and-2-buckets-Riddle-QTN_2151286.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 1 Answer}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		Write a function that converts a column indicated by a String (e.g A, B, ..., Z, AA, AB, ...) into a number (1, 2, ..., 26, 27, 28, ...). \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/Write-a-function-that-converts-a-column-indicated-by-a-String-e-g-A-B-Z-AA-AB-into-a-number-1-2-26-QTN_2151287.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 1 Answer}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		Given a list of strings, process the list so that if any individual string starts with "A" it is replaced with a string that instead starts with "K". \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/Given-a-list-of-strings-process-the-list-so-that-if-any-individual-string-starts-with-A-it-is-replaced-with-a-string-tha-QTN_2151288.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 1 Answer}}\uc0\u8232 \u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		Explain how you might troubleshoot a running Java application to see why it didn't produce a file that it should have produced. \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/Explain-how-you-might-troubleshoot-a-running-Java-application-to-see-why-it-didn-t-produce-a-file-that-it-should-have-produ-QTN_2151290.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Answer Question}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		Given a comma delimited file, return lines of the file where the second column contains a specific string. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2113795/quickest-way-to-find-missing-number-in-an-array-of-numbers#:~:text=Now%2C%20sum%20of%20natural%20numbers,That%20is%20the%20missing%20number."}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b0 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/2113795/quickest-way-to-find-missing-number-in-an-array-of-numbers#:~:text=Now%2C%20sum%20of%20natural%20numbers,That%20is%20the%20missing%20number.}}\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
\
\
2. You have array from number 1-100 and one number is missing, how will you find it?\
//is this in order?\
\
3. Write a program to implement LinkedList from scrach.\
\
4. Difference between Order by and group by in sql\'a0\
\
\
\
\
\
\
Use Synchronized method or Synchronized block\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
Java 8 you can have static in interface but with some caveats\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://stackoverflow.com/questions/512877/why-cant-i-define-a-static-method-in-a-java-interface"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://stackoverflow.com/questions/512877/why-cant-i-define-a-static-method-in-a-java-interface}}\
\
internal working of hashmap\
\
java lymbda, comparator, method reff. \'a0\
Coding questions about stack linkedlist, DFS \'a0\
\
Thread safe Singleton implementation. \'a0\
principles:\
private static obj\
private constructor\
public static synchronized getInstance function\
Best\
double-checked locking: check null -&gt; synchronized -&gt; check null -&gt; new obj\
\
Array list is array backed vs head/tail nodes. This is the question where they told me to look up what the JDK does. I of course picked the LinkedList since the question explicitly said in the middle and how inserting into an array causes elements to be mass copied. They told me ArrayList actually did better though. I then proceeded to talk about how I was aware of the System.arrayCopy() that ArrayList used for insert but was personally unaware of whether or not that provided enough performance to beat the theoretical difference with a LinkedList. They didn't care/care to admit that I actually did know what I was talking about.\
ArrayList: dynamically re-sizing array. Pros: iterator. Cons: Element search\
LinkedList: double linked list. Pros: read access. Cons: add/remove involves shifting\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 \cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		50 black and 50 white balls and 2 buckets" Riddle. \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/-50-black-and-50-white-balls-and-2-buckets-Riddle-QTN_2151286.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 1 Answer}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		Write a function that converts a column indicated by a String (e.g A, B, ..., Z, AA, AB, ...) into a number (1, 2, ..., 26, 27, 28, ...). \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/Write-a-function-that-converts-a-column-indicated-by-a-String-e-g-A-B-Z-AA-AB-into-a-number-1-2-26-QTN_2151287.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 1 Answer}}\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 Essentially a parseInt(String) function that is written for base 26\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		Given a list of strings, process the list so that if any individual string starts with "A" it is replaced with a string that instead starts with "K". \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/Given-a-list-of-strings-process-the-list-so-that-if-any-individual-string-starts-with-A-it-is-replaced-with-a-string-tha-QTN_2151288.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 1 Answer}}\
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 \'97Use a ListIterator so when you're doing replaces you have immediate access to the most recently iterated element (saves you from re-calling get() and set()).\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		What is a ConcurrentModification Exception and what might throw it? \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/What-is-a-ConcurrentModification-Exception-and-what-might-throw-it-QTN_2151289.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Answer Question}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		Explain how you might troubleshoot a running Java application to see why it didn't produce a file that it should have produced. \'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.glassdoor.com/Interview/Explain-how-you-might-troubleshoot-a-running-Java-application-to-see-why-it-didn-t-produce-a-file-that-it-should-have-produ-QTN_2151290.htm"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 Answer Question}}\uc0\u8232 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\f2\fs20 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}
\f0\fs24 		Given a comma delimited file, return lines of the file where the second column contains a specific string. \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/builder-pattern-in-java/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/builder-pattern-in-java/}}\ul \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \ulnone \
 \'a0}